Docs: Binary Search (#1094)
exercism/fsharp: exercises/practice/binary-search/.docs/instructions.append.md

> # Hints

Reviewer: As the `h1` heading will be stripped, consider doing:

```suggestion
# Instructions append

## Hints
```

For this exercise the following F# features come in handy:

> - [Tail recursion](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/fsharpteam/2011/07/08/tail-calls-in-f/) Prevent stack overflows with large input by using tail recursion. While there are no test cases checking explicitly for this, using tail recursion leads to a more performant solution. Anothergood resource on tail recursion is [this blog post](http://blog.ploeh.dk/2015/12/22/tail-recurse/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tail recursion](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/fsharpteam/2011/07/08/tail-calls-in-f/) Prevent stack overflows with large input by using tail recursion. While there are no test cases checking explicitly for this, using tail recursion leads to a more performant solution. Another good resource on tail recursion is [this blog post](http://blog.ploeh.dk/2015/12/22/tail-recurse/).
```
